Responses to most DPC issues (#628)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _FIPS201/requirements.md

Issuance of a derived PIV credential is an instance of the post-enrollment binding of an authenticator described in [[SP 800-63B]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-63B) and **SHALL** be performed in accordance with the requirements that apply to physical authenticators as well as the requirements in this section.

The binding and issuance of derived PIV credentials **SHALL** use valid PIV Cards to establish cardholder identity in accordance with

> [[SP 800-157]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-157). Derived PIV credentials **SHALL** meet the requirements for Authenticator Assurance Level (AAL) 2 or 3 specified in [[SP 800-63B]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-63B). All derived PIV credentials meeting AAL2 but not AAL3 requirements **SHALL** be usable at only AAL2. Derived PIV credentials meeting AAL3 requirements **SHALL** be usable at AAL2 or AAL3 at the discretion of the issuer. The issuer **SHALL** attempt to promptly notify the cardholder of the binding of a derived PIV credential through an independent means that would not afford an attacker an opportunity to erase the notification. More than one independent notification method **MAY** be used to ensure prompt receipt by the cardholder. Derived PIV credentials **SHALL** be bound to the cardholder's PIV account only by the organization that manages that PIV account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[SP 800-157]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-157). Derived PIV credentials **SHALL** meet the requirements for Authenticator Assurance Level (AAL) 2 or 3 specified in [[SP 800-63B]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-63B). All derived PIV credentials meeting AAL2 but not AAL3 requirements **SHALL** be usable at only AAL2. Note that derived PIV credentials meeting AAL3 requirements also fulfill the requirements of AAL2 and can be used in circumstances requiring AAL2. The issuer **SHALL** attempt to promptly notify the cardholder of the binding of a derived PIV credential through an independent means that would not afford an attacker an opportunity to erase the notification. More than one independent notification method **MAY** be used to ensure prompt receipt by the cardholder. Derived PIV credentials **SHALL** be bound to the cardholder's PIV account only by the organization that manages that PIV account.
```
